what are the signs my Mac has a virus
you get popup ads advertising Microsoft
products should I go to one of those
computer scanning sites to see if it has
a virus those sites are just as likely
to infect it is they are to fix it
in fact most of them will give you fake
warnings to get you to download their
software to spam you all the time I'm
not really familiar with all of this
they did not use to make viruses for the
Mac not enough people had Mac's to make
it worth the effort it's all the fault
of Apple's popularity plus browsers that
can infect your machine via JavaScript
regardless of your operating system I do
not think I've clicked on any suspicious
links it could have been from a
JavaScript or Java applet that infected
the machine from a website you visited
that was simply infected they found
Church websites now host more viruses in
adult sites these days what are some
more signs my Mac could have a virus if
it is sending emails to your friends
without your action if it is instant
messaging people in your I am contacts
list that's a sign your computer has
been hacked why would someone do that
hackers often take over computers to
send out junk email paid per million
messages sent others use the machines to
send out links to infect computers then
use the zombies for coordinated denial
of service attacks that'll slow down my
connection and system operations it'll
shut down almost anyone else's servers
though denial of service attacks on
Google and Amazon have mostly failed
what else should I know if you think
your Mac has a virus know that one of
the prime targets is stealing your
credentials from Facebook log into
credit card numbers I know they want the
credit card numbers to charge stuff too
why Facebook log in as you with pictures
and history info and beg for money
because you are trapped in a foreign
land on vacation steal your identity and
open new credit cards in your name so do
not change my passwords on the computer
you